=head1 NAME

LWS::HackDay - A Paymill's webhooks consuming Catalyst based application

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    script/lws_hackday_server.pl

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A simple application made during the L<London Websummit Hack Day 2013|http://lwshackday.eventbrite.com>
that receives webhooks from L<Paymill|https://www.paymill.com> to C</hook>, saves this to the
database, sends a text message through L<Twilio|https://www.twilio.com> and a push notification
through L<Pusher|http://pusher.com>.

All retrieved webhooks are returned when accessing C</> as JSONP.

This has been open sourced as a small show case.  There has also been
a frontend that receives the push notifications and shows some graphs.
This might also be open sourced by L<Tom Arnfeld|http://www.tarnfeld.com>.

=head1 INSTALLATION

I assume you already have Perl >= 5.10.1 installed.  The higher
the better!  (I used v5.16.1.)

Download the app and C<cd> into its directory.  Then execute the
following two commands, which will install L<cpanm>, a much better
and faster version than C<cpan>, and all dependencies of this app:

  % curl -L http://cpanmin.us | perl - --self-upgrade
  % cpanm -n --installdeps .

Now you should be able to start the integrated server with the
following command:

  % script/lws_hackday_server.pl

Now access it through your favorite browser on L<http://localhost:3000>.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

To configure this app to carry the correct API credentials, simply copy
C<lws_hackday.json> to C<lws_hackday_local.json> and paste in all
your credentials.  Restart the app if it's already running!

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<LWS::HackDay::Controller::Root>, L<Catalyst>, L<WWW::Pusher>, L<WWW::Twilio::API>

=head1 AUTHOR

Matthias Dietrich

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software. You can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
